Update SCIM docs for Okta (#18786)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/fundamentals/setup/account/account-security/scim-setup.mdx

---

Cloudflare supports bulk provisioning of users into the Cloudflare dashboard by using the System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) protocol. This allows you to connect your external identity provider (IdP) to Cloudflare and quickly onboard and manage users and their permissions. Cloudflare supports SCIM onboarding with Okta and Microsoft Entra. 

:::note

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Cloudflare Zero Trust also supports SCIM for onboarding users to Cloudflare Access. [Learn more](/cloudflare-one/identity/users/scim/)
:::

## Limitations

- If a user is the only Super Administrator on an Enterprise account, they will not be deprovisioned.
- Cloudflare currently only supports [Account-scoped Roles](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/#account-scoped-roles) and does not support Domain-scoped Roles provisioning via SCIM. 
- Cloudflare does not allow custom user groups.

## Prerequisites

- Cloudflare provisioning with SCIM is only available to Enterprise customers using Okta or Microsoft Entra.
- You must be a [Super Administrator](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/) on the account.
- In your identity provider, you must have the ability to create applications and groups.

:::note

Accounts provisioned with SCIM need to verify their email addresses.
:::

---

> ## Gather required data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gather the required data
```

To start, you will need to collect a couple of pieces of data from Cloudflare and set these aside for later use. 

### Get your Account ID

> 1. Navigate to the Account you want to configure for SCIM
> 
> 2. In your browser's navigation bar, copy the Account ID from the URL. The URL should be in the format `https://dash.cloudflare.com/<accountID>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. In the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), go to the Cloudflare account that you want to configure for SCIM provisioning.
2. Copy your account ID from the account home page.
```

1. In your integration page, go to **Provisioning** > **Configure API Integration**.
2. Enable **Enable API Integration**.
3. In SCIM 2.0 Base URL, enter: `https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountID>/scim/v2`.
4. In OAuth Bearer Token, enter your API token value.
5. Select **Save**.

### Set up your SCIM users.

1. In **Provisioning to App**, select **Edit**.
2. Enable **Create Users** and **Deactivate Users**. Select **Save**.
3. In the integration page, go to **Assignments** > **Assign** > **Assign to Groups**.

> 4. Choose group(s) that you want to provision to Cloudflare. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose the group(s) that you want to provision to Cloudflare. 
```

5. Select **Done**.

This will provision all of the users in the group(s) affected to your Cloudflare account with "minimal account access."

### Configure user permissions 

> There are two options for managing user permissions
> * Manage your user permissions on a per-user basis in the Dashboard, API, or using Terraform. 
> * Map your IdP groups to a Cloudflare built-in [Role](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/). Groups may only be linked to one role. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options for managing user permissions:

* Manage your user permissions on a per-user basis in the Cloudflare dashboard, API, or using Terraform. 
* Map your IdP groups to a Cloudflare built-in [Role](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/). Groups may only be linked to one role. 
```

1. Go to your SCIM application in the App Integration Catalog, then select **Provisioning**.
2. Under **To App*, select **Edit**.
3. Enable **Create Users** and **Deactivate Users**. Select **Save**.

> 4. Go to **Push Groups**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to **Push Groups**.
```

> 5. Click **+ Push Groups**, then **Find groups by name**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select **+ Push Groups**, then **Find groups by name**
```

> 6. Type in the name of the group(s) you want to sync to Cloudflare. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Enter the name of the group(s) that you want to sync to Cloudflare. 
```

> 7. Choose Link Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Choose **Link Group**.
```

> 8. Cloudflare provisioned user groups named in the pattern `CF-<accountID> - <Role Name>`. Choose the appropriate group that maps to your target role. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Cloudflare provisioned user groups are named in the pattern `CF-<accountID> - <Role Name>`. Choose the appropriate group that maps to your target role. 
```

> 6. Disable **Rename groups**. Select **Save**.
> 7. Within the **Push Groups** tab, select **Push Groups**.
> 8. Add the groups you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Disable **Rename groups**. Select **Save**.
10. Within the **Push Groups** tab, select **Push Groups**.
11. Add the groups you created.
```

5. Select **Done**.

This will provision all of the users in the group(s) affected to your Cloudflare account with "minimal account access."

### Configure user permissions 

There are two options for managing user permissions:

* Manage your user permissions on a per-user basis in the Cloudflare dashboard, API, or using Terraform. 
* Map your IdP groups to a Cloudflare built-in [Role](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles/). Groups may only be linked to one role. 

1. Go to your SCIM application in the App Integration Catalog, then select **Provisioning**.
2. Under **To App*, select **Edit**.
3. Enable **Create Users** and **Deactivate Users**. Select **Save**.
4. Go to **Push Groups**.
5. Select **+ Push Groups**, then **Find groups by name**.
6. Enter the name of the group(s) that you want to sync to Cloudflare. 
7. Choose **Link Group**.
8. Cloudflare provisioned user groups are named in the pattern `CF-<accountID> - <Role Name>`. Choose the appropriate group that maps to your target role. 
9. Disable **Rename groups**. Select **Save**.
10. Within the **Push Groups** tab, select **Push Groups**.
11. Add the groups you created.

> 9. Select **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Select **Save**.
```
